da-DK:BMW X1 
en-IE:the empty ear machine 
en-ZA:the empty row machine 
ar-SA:بي ام تاير ماشين 
cs-CZ:I am the Machine 
ja-JP:山新 
cmn-Hans-CN:bmc road machine 
cmn-Hant-TW:emt1人的姓名 
yue-Hant-HK:BMC roadmachine 
en-US:the empty ear machine 
en-AU:the empty ear machine 
nl-NL:intr Museum 
fi-FI:vntr Machine 
fr-CA:intr machine 
fr-FR:BNP Hyères machine 
de-DE:bmti Baumaschinen 
el-GR:Empire machining
es-ES:DIY anti Hero machine  
da-DK:Hallo 
he-IL:באמת יאיר אנשים 
en-IE:hello 
en-ZA:hello 
ar-SA:هالو 
hi-IN:CNC मशीन 
cs-CZ:haló 
hu-HU:BMC roadmachine 
ja-JP:ハロー 
cmn-Hans-CN:Hello 
id-ID:diam-diam masih ingin 
cmn-Hant-TW:哈囉 
it-IT:anch'io ma sei in 
yue-Hant-HK:hello 
en-GB:the empty ear machine 
en-US:hello 
en-IN:PMT machine 
en-AU:hello 
nl-NL:hallo 
ko-KR:entertain 
fi-FI:Salo 
nb-NO:uendelig maskin 
fr-CA:allô 
pt-BR:and your Machine 
fr-FR:allô 
ar-SA:توم و عليك القصيم شطه 
pt-PT:anti Hero Machine 
de-DE:Hallo 
el-GR:αλλά 
ro-RO:yann tiersen 
he-IL:הלו 
hi-IN:हेलो 
hu-HU:hello 
ru-RU:Бьянка и Роман сенин 
id-ID:halo 
sk-SK:International 
it-IT:allow 
en-GB:hello 
da-DK:la mandria 
da-DK:DR1 
en-IN:hello 
es-AR:anti ir machine 
ko-KR:Hello 
en-IE:Amal Clooney 
es-MX:anti ir machine 
nb-NO:Hallo 
en-IE:champion machine 
pt-BR:alô 
es-ES:DIY anti Hero machine 
en-ZA:MTN machine 
pt-PT:Hello 
sv-SE:vian tahir machine 
ro-RO:Hallo 
ru-RU:Алло 
ar-SA:اين تعيشين 
th-TH:amg arimasen 
cs-CZ:Lamaze 
sk-SK:Hello  
es-AR:Hello 
tr-TR:İrem de İrem her şeyin 
ja-JP:FA 5 
cs-CZ:Pěnčín 
es-MX:Hello 
es-ES:Salou 
sv-SE:Hello 
ja-JP:リアムペイン 
th-TH:Hello 
tr-TR:Hello 
pl-PL:halo 
cmn-Hans-CN:mcmc
da-DK:the Click Festival 
ar-SA:بي ام تاير ماشين 
en-IE:Pickwick Festival 
en-ZA:the click Festival  
ar-SA:تكويك فاستتروا 
cs-CZ:t-click festival 
ja-JP:恋歌ラストボーイ 
cmn-Hans-CN:cake festival 
cmn-Hant-TW:greek Festival 
yue-Hant-HK:chocolate Festival 
en-US:The Clique Festival 
he-IL:באמת יאיר אנשים 
en-AU:the click festival 
hi-IN:CNC मशीन 
nl-NL:the creek Festival 
fi-FI:Click Festival 
fr-CA:pickwick fastball 
fr-FR:Picwic fastbo 
it-IT:anch'io ma sei in 
de-DE:the quick Festival 
el-GR:Quick thestival  
he-IL:‏quick the stable 
nb-NO:uendelig maskin 
hi-IN:कोई कष्ट हो 
ro-RO:yann tiersen 
hu-HU:Pickwick plastobo 
ru-RU:Бьянка и Роман сенин 
id-ID:The Quick text about 
sk-SK:International 
it-IT:Lastovo 
en-GB:Pickwick Festival 
es-MX:anti ir machine 
en-IN:the Greek festival 